we need to talk
[Music]
all right so not too long ago on the
vlog Justin Jackson who's the man he
asked me a question he asked me
something to the effect of how has
moving from teaching to side hustling
and working full-time been it's a great
question so I think first things first
like I've been side hustling and working
full-time since maybe 2010-2011 so
that's not a new thing for me
what is new is doing the same thing as a
side hustle that I do at my full-time
job so like for the past ten years I've
been a teachers and then from like the
last six of those ten years I've been a
teacher and doing e-commerce marketing
like all of these different businesses
on the side I had the jiu-jitsu company
a link why I sold that company in the
description below so you can check out
that video too and also why certain my
new company why I started doing SEO for
clients just want to again say that I
love that Chicago's so ridiculous that I
can walk around talking to my phone
nobody says anything millions and
millions of people here they all see me
talking to my phone the chances of us
ever seen each other again is precisely
zero so I'll give you the best part and
the worst part of it the best part of
what I'm doing now is it's created kind
of a flywheel effect we're getting
better at my day job gets me better at
my side hustle I'm getting better at my
site also gets me better at my day job
the better I serve my SEO clients that I
have personally the better I can serve
the ones that I do for my job in vice
versa so I just keep getting better and
better and better my work gets better
results for their clients thus we get
better clients I get better results for
my clients of us I get better clients
and more referrals and all that like
just keeps getting better and better I
also love where I work for the first
time in my life I never enjoyed working
in a school I hated it I had to hide who
I was who I wanted to be all the things
that I knew I couldn't talk to anybody
about now I can't
and tomates now the downside is that I'm
doing the same thing
all the time now so I have to like
really protect myself from burnout what
I mean by that is it's really hard to go
home and hustle from 9:00 p.m. to
midnight or 1:00 a.m. doing client SEO
when that's what I've been doing all day
at work already so it does have that
effect I've had to like be a lot smarter
about sleep recovery and not really
screwing around with my time so like
how's the transition been I mean what do
you look at it it's amazing right love
it if I'm honest I think the other one
of the other reasons this is going so
well is just simply because I've been
doing this for so long my communication
with my wife is on point don't get me
wrong there's still plenty of
miscommunications and disagreements but
so many of the bigger issues have been
worked out ahead of time so that now
whenever something goes wrong we can
just kind of talk about it and work
through it dear-dear Chicago you smell
like baked goods cigarettes and
applesauce in taxis also I always like
to try to give advice in my videos
whenever I can not just on how sweet
these new sunglasses are but if I could
give anybody advice if you're working
full time you're starting a side hustle
you're struggling with your side hustle
you feel like you're underwater look at
that beautiful fountain if you feel like
you're drowning for whatever reason if
you're married first of all whoever you
marry that's the most important decision
you made in your business you already
made it if you're not married choose
wisely it matters more than anything
else that you do so my piece of advice
is to over communicate and set
expectations as early and often as
possible set expectations with your
spouse about time and work and effort
and energy it's going to take in
recovery make sure you also set
expectations with regard some money and
then over-communicate on all of those
things
so I felt like there's an important
addition to this I made that video
yesterday recorded that yesterday so
today here's what's going on my wife and
kids rode the train downtown with me
earlier today they got to see my office
they came up there with me saw where I
worked they loved it just like I do and
then this morning I went and played in
Maggie Daley Park and I still love that
I can do this on the street there
playing - Maggie Daley Park while I work
and now I'm gonna go meet him for lunch
we're gonna go get pancakes hey guys
stop and I'm afforded that opportunity
that I would never have had teaching so
it's going great
I've been Brendon Hufford don't forget
to work hard be nice people don't get
too lost trying to create something that
matters